OSS-add-community-tested-versions (#299)
tigera/docs: calico/getting-started/kubernetes/community-tested.mdx

---
description: Provides community inputs on what versions of Kubernetes and platforms work with Calico.
---

# Community-tested Kubernetes versions

## About {{prodname}} testing

> {{prodname}} is tested each release against the Kubernetes versions listed in [System requirements](../getting-started/kubernetes/system-requirements). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{prodname}} is tested each release against the Kubernetes versions listed in [System requirements](system-requirements.mdx). 
```

{{prodname}} works on many different platforms. The following are common platforms that {{prodname}} tests with some regularity.  

> - [AKS](../../getting-started/kubernetes/managed-public-cloud/aks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AKS](managed-public-cloud/aks.mdx)
```
With relative file paths for cross references. This applies globally.

- [EKS](../../getting-started/kubernetes/managed-public-cloud/eks)
- [Flannel](../../../getting-started/kubernetes/flannel/)
- [GCE](../../getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-public-cloud/gce)
- [GKE](../../getting-started/kubernetes/managed-public-cloud/gke)
- [IKS](../../getting-started/kubernetes/managed-public-cloud/iks)
- [K3s](../../getting-started/kubernetes/k3s/)
- [kOps on AWS](../../getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-public-cloud/aws)
- [Kubernetes-kubeadm](../../getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed-onprem/onpremises)
- [MicroK8s](../../getting-started/kubernetes/microk8s)
- [Minikube](../../getting-started/kubernetes/minikube)
- [OpenShift](../../getting-started/kubernetes/openshift/)
- [OpenStack](../getting-started/openstack/)
- [RKE](../../getting-started/kubernetes/rancher)
- [Calico for Windows](../../getting-started/kubernetes/windows-calico/)

## Community-tested versions and platforms

This section is updated by {{prodname}} community members. Please share what versions and platforms work for you. 

- To add an entry, go to the bottom of the page and click, **Edit this page** and submit a PR 

> - If your {{prodname}} setup is not working, the best place to start is the {{prodname}} users' slack channel (calicousers.slack.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your {{prodname}} setup is not working, the best place to start is the Calico Users Slack channel (calicousers.slack.com)
```
